what's going on guys i'm jehovah welcome
to a GTA video from ruh ruh makes some
awesome GTA content you'll be seeing
some of it on this channel from time to
time if you want to check out his
channel the information is below enjoy
the video hey folks i doing in my room 3
9 we're gonna be talking about GTA 5
next year today what we're gonna be
having a look at these 10 things you
probably didn't know where you may not
have done a lot of people don't look at
the newswire these days so I figured I'd
go through write a few things off some
stuff that you should be getting excited
about because it seems to be that
Rockstar are doing a fair few things to
make the next-gen version of the game
and the PC version of GTA 5 way better
than what you've had in you know Xbox
360 and ps3 let's start off with the new
weapons vehicles and activities you're
gonna be seeing new weapons there's
gonna be vehicles there that we've seen
from previous GTA I think you got the
dodo there which is this the seaplane
from San Andreas I think you've got the
Dukes which I think was also in San
Andreas in GTA 4 you've got a bunch of
different vehicles here that we've seen
over the span of all the games that
we've had from GTA and it's gonna be
great because I like the vehicles I
really do it seems like they're gonna be
incorporating things that everyone can
get behind you know weapons that's for
people who like death matches and stuff
vehicles for people who like driving and
the activities are there as well
I think this photography going to be
going on in online and single-player and
stuff animal wildlife photography and
things which brings us on to number 9
which is additional wildlife which is
pretty damn decent because of course the
wildlife in GTA 5 at the moment is okay
but I don't think is very much online
which is a shame I'd like to see it
online because it always feels like when
you go from single player to online and
you've got those 16 players it's kind of
it just feels not as alive you know I
mean it doesn't feel as engaging like
you know in gta4 you'd have the same
thing where the the online AI was just a
bit dim and and just not there compared
to what you'd have in the single-player
there was a lot more variety in the AI
and the characters that were walking
around compared to what you saw in
online so that's gonna be pretty good as
well then to traffic that's number seven
what you're gonna be seeing is highways
that are busier than they already are I
always thought that the traffic system
in GTA 5 already is pretty damn decent
and some of their the drivers are a
little bit erratic and crazy but
occasionally if you've got a motorcycle
pulling up beside you taking off it
take off at some speed you know I mean
other than just it's just kind of
cruising around and you can see and you
can feel that it's on a treadmill like
it's just kind of doing what it's
programmed to do where is if you've got
some erratic stuff in there or you know
when you go out throughout the world and
stuff it sort of you've got a busier
traffic if it's 5 o'clock in the evening
or you know 7:00 in the morning yeah
it's it just enhances the world and
that's good that's number 7 and gonna be
getting denser traffic number 6 is a new
foliage system which doesn't sound too
interesting does it why do I want to
know what grass is going to be doing in
GTA 5 next gen well it'll have an impact
because if you think at the moment
you've got bushes that you just career
straight into and I imagine that's
because they couldn't really do very
much about it I imagine there will be
changes to that not only that but
there'll be visual system changes as
well so that within there with a new
hardware and stuff you've got animations
that happen that you just couldn't get
in GTA 5 already I mean there were a lot
of things that they fixed and changed
and improved but there was probably a
way that they could go so trees you get
a look nicer things are gonna be going
all over the place which is great and
it's gonna it's gonna look good it's
just gonna be a lot better than what
you've seen him find in five already
alright then number five I think we're
on now enhanced damage and weather
effects I don't know if you've got the
you probably do have the flight school
update that they put out last month in
GTA 5 and you go on there at the moment
it is the one way you've got to land the
Titan without any engines thunder and
lightning in that it's just
mind-boggling right that's something
that you did not see in the
single-player before they've got you
know way ages ago when the game was just
coming out they've been enhancing stuff
already but stuff like that it's just
gonna be all over the place but I reckon
you're gonna be getting like you know
just huge flippin wind gusts you're
gonna have lots of rain going on you
might even get snow at the early again
at Christmas which would be pretty good
just the way things go would be nice and
damage effects as well of course because
at the moment there are some things that
are a little bit skew if with the cars
if you run into a wall similar so you're
gonna have probably more damage effects
you know I mean so it's you know even
just the slightest ding will just cause
just that little bit of a scratch on the
side of the car at the moment and it
could be kind of something that just
goes like with the flow instead of just
something that's all just predetermine
it's off depending on how he hit the
card depends on whether the physics
engine does what you'd be good right
this is gonna be interesting for you
number four you're gonna be getting 500k
on single player and 500k online for
people that have pre-ordered if you
pre-ordered the game you're gonna be
getting five hundred came and told a
million which is gonna be fantastic
because of course we all know how
difficult money is to get that's gonna
be great as well number three you've got
thirty players online this is a big one
sixteen players is good don't get me
wrong I have fun in GTA online when the
sixteen players especially when it comes
to playing with friends thirty however
which is almost double sixteen it double
the amount of players you would think
it's gonna be a bit of a clusterfuck and
it might be true if you've got everyone
in the same place however the map is
very very big all right so you've got
thirty players going there and it's
gonna be great music number two you've
got a hundred new songs coming at you
from DJ's are all over the different
radio stations which is gonna be
fantastic you know a lot of people
aren't too keen on the music at the
moment they're getting in there
recording an awful lot more a hundred
tracks other than L three to five
minutes of each track do the mass you're
gonna be getting some great stuff
alright November 18th is when you're
gonna be getting it on ps4 and Xbox one
in January 27th is when you're gonna be
getting it for PC a lot of people are
angry about the fact that the PC version
is coming out later but don't worry you
PC people you're just used to waiting
for games yeah it's going to come out on
the consoles and then you invariably get
a better game later on because they
spend more time working on there you go
that's your top 10 hopefully you've
learned something that you didn't know
previously if you did know it let me
know come on over to my channel because
I do a lot of GTA I really really do
I've covered a lot of GTA stuff for a
few years now and I'd like either coming
over because I like to think I do some
things that's worth watching alright
thanks very much for watching I've been
a roofer in there now pitch in a bit